{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww12540\viewh16140\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Dental Implants\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Dr. Dietrich places and restores dental implants. Dental implants are a great option for replacing missing teeth, improving chewing ability, eliminating bridges, and replacing dentures. Several implants may provide a base for a series of artificial teeth known as a fixed bridge. Implants can even be used to secure a full set of removable dentures for people who have no remaining natural teeth.\
\ul \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ulc0 Cosmetic Dentistry\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \ulc0 Cosmetic dentistry is one of the most cost-effective ways to improve your appearance. A beautiful, bright, healthy smile will increase self-confidence and overall life satisfaction. Cosmetic dentistry includes things like tooth-colored restorations, dental implants, and crowns. We have many options, so please call us today!\ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Family Care\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \ulc0 From toddlers to the elderly, our skilled dental team is familiar with the unique needs of every patient, no matter their age. Our goal is to help them develop great oral habits that will last them a lifetime. Join us today and discover how our practice can help treat your entire family.\ulnone \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Cosmetic Dentures\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \ulc0 A well made denture is not only comfortable and functions properly; it also allows the wearer to smile with confidence, knowing that their smile is no different than it would be with natural teeth. Creating a cosmetic denture is really an art in the hands of a skilled dentist like Dr. Greenman.\ulnone \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Laser Dentistry\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \ulc0 Laser dentistry is a highly-effective, gentle way to treat gum disease, remove bacteria, and re-contour gum lines after cosmetic dentistry. Laser dentistry is a more comfortable, accurate way to produce excellent results.\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Digital X-Rays\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \ulc0 Our use of digital x-ray technology reduces your radiation exposure and eliminates the use of chemicals. It\'92s better for you and the  environment.\
\
It's also easy for you to see what the doctor sees. Your digital x-ray can be seen on a computer screen located next to your dental chair. This helps you understand your needs and make informed choices about your treatment.\ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Veneers\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \ulc0 Veneers are very thin porcelain pieces that are custom made to adhere directly to the front of teeth without grinding or shaving. Transform your smile without drilling on your natural teeth!\
\
In the hands of a highly skilled dentist, porcelain laminates can provide you with an incredibly natural, beautiful smile. They are virtually undetectable and can dramatically improve your appearance. They are durable and long-lasting when compared to other cosmetic treatments.\ulnone \
\
\
}